# hasmer

This is the website for [hasmer](https://github.com/lucasbaizer2/hasmer).
Here you can find usage documentation, examples, code documentation, and other useful information.

## Download

You can download the latest version of the hasmer command line from the [Releases page](https://github.com/lucasbaizer2/hasmer/releases).

## Usage

You can find detailed documentation on how to use the command line interface for hasmer [here](./cli).

## Hasm VS Code Extension

The Hasm VS Code extension provides syntax highlighting for the `.hasm` file format producted by the hasmer disassembler.

You can download the latest version of the extension [here](https://lucasbaizer2.github.io/hasmer/extension/hasm.vsix).

To install the `vsix` extension file into Visual Studio Code, navigate to the extensions menu in VS Code. In the upper right hand corner of that window, click the three dots (ellipses) and select "Install from VSIX..." from the drop-down menu that appears. Navigate to the location of the VSIX file and the extension should immediately install.

If you are interested in contributing to the hasmer VS code extension, the source code for it is in the [hasm-vscode](https://github.com/lucasbaizer2/hasmer/tree/master/hasm-vscode) subproject.

## For Developers

### C# Code Documentation

You can find the autogenerated C# documentation for the hasmer source code [here](./docs/annotated.html).

### Sample Hermes Bytecode File Download

For a sample Hermes bytecode file to test with, you can download one [here](./downloads/index.android.bundle) (bytecode version 84). All credit for the application goes to the makers of the InsomniHack 2022 CTF Teaser.
